##### status: #daily_note 

# Tasks

#todo 
- [ ] task

# Work Notes

# Meeting Notes

# 2022-04-22 16:06
##### status: #meeting_note
##### Tags:

### Client:
### Topic:
### Attendees:
* [[Sven Knop]]
* [[Oscar Gomez]]
* [[Roman Schmitz]]
* [[Jon Vines]]
* [[Kiril Kulikov]]
* [[Giovanni Marigi]]
* [[Konstantine Silin]]
* [[Piotr Smolinski]]
* [[Neil Middleton]]

### Notes:

#### Enablement weeks:

-  [[Sven Knop]] will updated the xls with the work.
	- Use it on a productive way and how to share the work we done
	- Okrs can be a good place. To plan what you will be working on and what will be the output.
	- Put in place some Asana Board to track
- [[Piotr Smolinski]] has a Ansible contribution around secret protection that can be very useful.
- [[Neil Middleton]] raise that previous training on Ansible and Terraform previous to the Bootcamp can be very useful. 

#### Schema Linking

- [[Konstantine Silin]] tried Schema Linking basics but not schema evolution. Will share the notes and scripts we used to the self enablement.
- [[Piotr Smolinski]] raise the point do you really need to modify the schema in PRO.
	- Create a master SR mutable and n slaves one on read only mode.
		- Async vs sync 
		- do this replicated literally \_schema topic

#### Cloud Limit

- [[Konstantine Silin]] discover a limit on CCloud across all providers of 20 mb/s per broker.

[[Piotr Smolinski]] PRs on Connectors and Connect are stucked for weeks or for ever

[[Piotr Smolinski]] what license I have to put on my code if I want to do something opensource?
- MIT seems to be the solution
- [[Sven Knop]] will raise the question a get back.